Add instructrions for how to install debug toolbar (#2010)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/infrastructure_and_maintenance/devops.md

## Web Debug Toolbar

> As of Ibexa DXP 4.5, the [Symfony Web Debug Toolbar](https://symfony.com/doc/current/profiler.html) is no longer installed by default. In order to get it installed, you may run the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of [[= product_name =]] v4.5, the [Symfony Web Debug Toolbar](https://symfony.com/doc/current/profiler.html) is no longer installed by default.
To install it, run the following command:
```
